initial client-side local evaluation docs updates for js sdk (#947)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/index.md

!!!done "Easiest way to get started delivering flag and experimenting on your client side application."

> Client-side implementations assume a single user context. Flag and experiment configurations are loaded on startup for use with [local evaluation](./general/evaluation/local-evaluation.md), and a [remote evaluation](./general/evaluation/remote-evaluation.md) variants are fetched dynamically from Amplitude's remote evaluation service. When a variant is accessed from the SDK, an [exposure event](./general/exposure-tracking.md) is tracked for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client-side implementations assume a single user context. Amplitude Experiment loads flag and experiment configurations on startup for use with [local evaluation](./general/evaluation/local-evaluation.md), and  fetches [remote evaluation](./general/evaluation/remote-evaluation.md) variants dynamically from Amplitude's remote evaluation service. When a variant is accessed from the SDK, an [exposure event](./general/exposure-tracking.md) is tracked for the user.
```
